hi everyone i'm a grapher to prove
a cuts back the conflict to begin
ours then put one for two of
red dragons not for duels between
pulsar wins would be better to bring a
lost in blue and white have no evidence
eclipse here too would be better for a
you a gentleman from here a for 3x2 a
white stone reached a dragon
black flame 92 a robot alexandru for a
mute dragon or shah a good and crazy
very powerful white advisable a
for train for two a good from Luciano
enter armed I want 5 dragon shipowners
when three greenhouses will see level 7 stopped
especially to me now a dragon
majestic mandragona hoped it can also
rather to remove a bravo would be better
high quality is a good dark net agco
red eyes then unfortunately limited one
entered the hard side that there are for
beauty but also because it is an effect
very powerful
passed the magic then committed not
reasoning a dpr reincarnations from one
different size an area of ​​chaos
very useful in this deck a nice tex
not flute luca brasi even for two
regulations that is very powerful
it allows to evoke especially from the
your hand a level 5 monster o
Superman does not suffer destruction
suffers explosive of destruction a
card dealer not for two of
cheer neither space nor mystical traps
instead I put 2 armor for the defense
security between recall of the possessed 2
rebirth of the dragon even for three
this card is very useful public
endless trap a shield
dry up not a magic cylinder one
reflex force not merely to lose
a scarecrow of ironing and not
will accuse the perfect dark dimension
last will be extracted ours
synchro then good up to dark
dragon take of stern is a classic of
this deck is for ending in
beauty bravos this majestic tumor
paper is very powerful although difficult
to conjure up and wait for everyone else to
beauty however is very powerful
this was a good one if you liked it
tampa vicenza notes register a channel
see you soon